. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig

mk_add_options MOZ_MAKE_FLAGS="##JOBCOUNT##"
mk_add_options MZ_OBJDIR=@TOPSRCDIR@/firefox/build-dir

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr

export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=1
ac_add_options --enable-official-branding
ac_add_options --enable-update-channel=release
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-application=browser
ac_add_options --enable-release
ac_add_options --enable-optimize
ac_add_options --enable-rust-simd
ac_add_options --enable-hardening
ac_add_options --enable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk3

ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-strip
ac_add_options --disable-elf-hack

# System libs
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-icu
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --with-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib

ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

ac_add_options --enable-lto
ac_add_options --enable-linker=lld

# Keys
ac_add_options --with-mozilla-api-keyfile=../mozilla-api-key
